Readme.md, before:

# nim-ts-mode - An Emacs major mode for Nim using tree-sitter

## WIP

This is currently a WIP which depends on `nim-mode` and the nim tree-sitter parser (https://github.com/alaviss/tree-sitter-nim) being installed.
To install the Nim language grammar set the following in your init.el and run `treesit-install-language-grammar`:

```elisp
(require 'nim-ts-mode)
(setq treesit-language-source-alist
      '((nim "https://github.com/alaviss/tree-sitter-nim")))

(with-eval-after-load 'tree-sitter
  (add-to-list 'tree-sitter-major-mode-language-alist '(nim-ts-mode . nim)))

;; to get LSP-Mode working you also need to set
(with-eval-after-load 'lsp-mode
  (add-to-list 'lsp-language-id-configuration
               '(nim-ts-mode . "nim")))
```

## TODO

- [x] Make syntax highlighting work using tree-sitter
- [ ] Create package that auto-installs dependencies and sets up tree-sitter, etc.
- [ ] Make indentation work using tree-sitter
- [ ] See if we can remove dependencies from `nim-mode` (if it makes sense)


Feedback and pull-request are welcome.

Commit message:

feat: Add simple indentation mechanism
Why?:
- The Emacs tree-sitter provided simple indentation mechanism does unfortunately
  not work that well with whitespace sensitive languages out of the box . So, we
  need to roll our own indentation function. At the moment I have gone with a
  more simplistic implementation that does the right thing about 80% of the time
  or more, but is also not getting in the way as much as some other versions
  which one then has to fight in the circumstances when it does the wrong thing.

This change addresses the need by:
- Add nim-ts-mode-indent-line-simple
- Add variable nim-ts-mode-indent-level
- Add lexical scoping and license to nim-ts-mode.el
- Modified fontification of exported symbols
- Disabled electric-indent-mode by default when loading nim-ts-mode, as long as
  we depend on nim-mode

Readme.md, after:

# nim-ts-mode - An Emacs major mode for Nim using tree-sitter

## WIP

This is currently a WIP which depends on `nim-mode` and the nim tree-sitter parser (https://github.com/alaviss/tree-sitter-nim) being installed.
To install the Nim language grammar set the following in your init.el and run `treesit-install-language-grammar`:

```elisp
(require 'nim-ts-mode)
(setq treesit-language-source-alist
      '((nim "https://github.com/alaviss/tree-sitter-nim")))

(with-eval-after-load 'tree-sitter
  (add-to-list 'tree-sitter-major-mode-language-alist '(nim-ts-mode . nim)))

;; to get LSP-Mode working you also need to set
(with-eval-after-load 'lsp-mode
  (add-to-list 'lsp-language-id-configuration
               '(nim-ts-mode . "nim")))
```

## TODO

- [x] Make syntax highlighting work using tree-sitter
- [x] Provide simplified indentation mechanism
- [ ] Highlight HTML and Javscript parts in strings using their respective parsers
- [ ] Create package that auto-installs dependencies and sets up tree-sitter, etc.
- [ ] ~~Make indentation work using tree-sitter~~ question if this really is necessary
- [ ] See if we can remove dependencies from `nim-mode` (if it makes sense)


Feedback and pull-request are welcome.
